I command in the name of the emperor
walk softly and carry a big gun on alert
brothers the enemy must be nearby
beware the alien the mutant the heretic
while the enemies of the Emperor still
draw breath there can be no peace he who
stands with me shall be my brother
praise the Emperor the Emperor protects
my faith is my sheep what would you have
me do today the enemy shall no fear this
day shall be a glorious one for the
Imperium for the Emperor we are united
in your service follow my lead for
terror we shall know no fear faith and
duty for the honor of the chapter agreed
I serve mankind I shall not fail for the
glory of the Emperor confirm taking
command together to victory to me
brothers Space Marines attack no retreat
no surrender
for the emperor to the last man and the
last round
my aim shall not falter by my command
attack follow me into battle Space
Marines advance I shall not fail aim
true brothers trust in your war gear
look to your war gear take that for the
glory of the Imperium take no prisoners
you will not falter my aim shall not
falter by my command
attack follow me into battle Space
Marines advance while taking damage they
dare fire upon Space Marines my power
armor will protect Emperor protect us I
shall not die on this day my duty calls
duty calls me elsewhere I am needed
elsewhere brothers the great enemy
approaches the forces of chaos
chaos approaches I will not stop to
their demoness cast back into the war
fear me warp spawn demon fear my wrath
elder beware their trickery the alien
elder are upon us our foe approaches the
enemy are here its power does not match
its size do not be daunted by its size
fear not the size of the enemy found
green skins approach do not
underestimate their strength
I fear no evil for I am fear incarnate
for terror by my fury they shall know
the Emperor's name Emperor forgive me
forgive me ever for I have future no we
cannot fail na will is undone men we
must withdraw withdraw and regroup
initiate a tactical withdrawal regroup
back into the fray brothers regroup be
swift driver take me to the front this
is where I leave you drop me here and
await further orders